first I put a dark soccer correct under
my eyes to hide the dark parts of my
arse then I put the moisturizing day
cream on my face to make the makeup last
longer now I'm taking a concealer to
cover up my red areas oh by the way our
product I'm using are in the description
box down below if you are ready with
concealing use a foundation to make your
skin color look even
now I'm using a mint powder to set
everything
to the base color for the white
eyeshadow all over your eyelid
then take a proper colored eyeshadow and
put an inner corner to the middle of
your lid
don't forget to plant
now put the chalk rice eyeshadow in the
outer corner to the middle of your
eyelids and again don't forget to let
this step is optional but I recommend to
do it because it make you look awake so
put a white eyeshadow in the outer
corner of your eye
now draw eyeline a line of your choice I
take my favorite eyeliner line the line
with the wing because this lemon helps
you to look a little bit more Asian put
the first layer of mascara on your
lashes
take a white eyeliner pencil and put it
on your waterline now draw from the wing
to the middle of the waterline eyeliner
line put a second coat of mascara on
now to your eyebrows cover them with a
concealer pencil
covered with a MEK powder
draw was an angled brush and with the
same enterprise eyeshadow along your
eyebrows to match the color of Micah's
hair contour your face
now put some concealer on your lips
don't forget to put on some lip balm
first otherwise your lips will dry out
now cover it with the matte powder if
you like put on lip gloss
now it's time for the week you may
notice that I'm not using any circle
answers because I have blue eyes like
Miku so it's actually unnecessary but
you can use lenses if you want put the
wig on and you are finished
I hope you like my tutorial see you in
my next video bye